okay well look this is the question i'll
be honest i've been wanting to ask all
night who eats a chocolate digestive
with the chocolate on the top
so that is most of you then and which of
you isn't a prick
who goes chocolate bottom i know what
you also my nickname at school
only two of you three of you four can we
clarify what you mean
what do i mean i mean you hold
the biscuit you've got a chocolate
digestive right
yeah um basically what they're saying is
they
they eat that chocolate digestive with
the chocolate on the top
chocolate up oh
hold on hold on hold on who is who goes
chocolate bottom
no that's easy that's that's obviously
the correct way to do it
it's obviously the correct god what are
you talking about guys
in in what has been an incredibly
challenging 18 months
that is one of the most upsetting things
i've heard
[Laughter]
why would you why would you eat
a chocolate biscuit upside down this is
not upside down jack
jack jack how do they put the chocolate
on the biscuit
well you think they get fairies they dip
it in of course they don't
they put they pour it on top that's why
it's up the right way
jack jack that's listen okay
well i thought you were a friend well
this could be the end of us jack i'm
going to be straight up yeah
listen guys comic book guy clear this up
for me
the the packaging when you open it it
comes with the chocolate on top and
it has the regular thing at the bottom
okay that's why it's not my problem if
you're opening chocolate packets upside
down
what i don't understand listen what
donna says
why would you not want maximum chocolate
to tongue
surface area contact why would you not
want that you've got the chocolate
which is the the nicest bit of it and
then you put it on the roof of your
mouth
like an absolute psychopath why would
you do that
i like to see the chocolate as well as
eat it and i want everyone else to see
it because if i go for a chocolate
biscuit i'm committed
and i i i'm not hiding it from people
like you would
you what you're doing is you are trying
to get extra calories
in your fat ass without telling anyone
that's what you're doing
and it needs to stop
[Laughter]
honestly what i've heard tonight has
been absolutely unacceptable